Implementation Plan
Agent utilizes the implementation plan artifact to architect changes within your codebase to accomplish a task. These plans contain technical details on what revisions are necessary and are meant to be reviewed by the user. Below is an example plan generated by the agent.
Artifact Implementation Plan
Unless you have you artifact review policy set to “Always Proceed” [link to docs on this setting], Agent will typically request your review on the implementation plan before making the changes needed to complete your task. You can click either the in-conversation or artifact header “Proceed” button to instantly continue with Agent’s plan.
Artifact Implementation Plan Proceed
Oftentimes, Agent will create a plan that is slightly different from what you exactly want. Antigravity supports commenting on these artifacts so you can provide feedback to Agent for any reason, whether it be to decrease scope of changes, use a different tech stack, or correct any Agent discrepancies.
Artifact Implementation Plan Comments
Once you have left comments on the implementation plan, you can still use the “Proceed” to continue with Agent’s plan; alternatively, you can also toggle the “Review” button in the artifact header, where you can examine all comments and leave a message as feedback instead of directly proceeding, if needed.
Artifact Implementation Plan Submit Comments
Once you have proceeded or left a review, Agent will continue its work, either iterating on the implementation plan and re-requesting your review or beginning with its work!